Canvas docs revamp (#4362)
beeware/toga: docs/en/reference/api/widgets/canvas/advanced.md

# Advanced Canvas usage

For many if not most applications, the straightforward Canvas interface described on the [main page](./index.md) is sufficient. However, it is also possible to directly manipulate a Canvas's internal representation of its stored instructions, thereby modifying the results in a nonlinear fashion.

## Internal data structure

> Internally, each drawing operation is represented by an object of class [`DrawingAction`][toga.widgets.canvas.DrawingAction]. Each drawing method has a corresponding `DrawingAction` subclass of the same name, except in CamelCase. That is, the `line_to()` method creates a `LineTo` object, and `LineTo` is a subclass of `DrawingAction`.

Reviewer: "That is" implies to me a full restatement of the previous information; in this case, it is one example of what you are trying to say.

```suggestion
Internally, each drawing operation is represented by an object of class [`DrawingAction`][toga.widgets.canvas.DrawingAction]. Each drawing method has a corresponding `DrawingAction` subclass of the same name, except in CamelCase. For example, the `line_to()` method creates a `LineTo` object, and `LineTo` is a subclass of `DrawingAction`.
```
